Copyright (c) 2019, Arsenal Consulting, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Gmail URL Decoder ("the Software") is provided "AS IS" and "WITH ALL FAULTS," without warranty of any kind, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Arsenal Consulting, Inc. (d/b/a "Arsenal Recon") makes no warranty that the Software is free of defects or is suitable for any particular purpose. In no event shall Arsenal Consulting, Inc. be responsible for loss or damages arising from the installation or use of the Software, including but not limited to any indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is borne by you. Should the Software prove defective, you and not Arsenal Consulting, Inc. assume the entire cost of any service and repair.